56 update integration best practices for cloud recording, media push, media pull (#1221)
AgoraIO/Docs-Source: shared/common/_switch-domain-name.mdx

### Switch domain name

Take the following steps to switch a domain name:

1. Set the primary domain name based on the location of your service server:
    - If the DNS address of the service server is located in a country or region other than mainland China, set the primary domain name to `api.agora.io`.
    - If the DNS address of the service server is in mainland China, set the primary domain name to `api.sd-rtn.com`.

> 2. Setup your retry strategy in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up your retry strategy in the following order:
```

    
    1. **Primary domain retry**: If the primary domain name fails to initiate a RESTful API request, retry using the same domain name.
    
    1. **Alternate domain retry**:
        - If the current primary domain name is `api.sd-rtn.com`, the alternate domain name is `api.agora.io`.
        - If the current primary domain name is `api.agora.io`, the alternate domain name is `api.sd-rtn.com`.
    
    1. **Adjacent domain retry**: If alternate domain retry fails, retry using the domain name adjacent to the current region.

        For example, suppose your business server is located in Europe. You set the primary domain name to `api.agora.io`, and the business server resolves the primary domain name to Germany. Germany is located in central Europe (`api-eu-central-1.agora.io`). The [domain name table](#domain-name-table) shows that the adjacent area is West Europe. Use the `api-eu-west-1.agora.io` or `api-eu-west-1.sd-rtn.com` domain name to retry.

> To avoid exceeding the QPS limit with retry requests, best practice is to do your first retry after 1 second, then 3 seconds, then 6 seconds. If the request fails because of a network problem rather than a DNS domain name resolution problem, skip Alternate domain retry and proceed to Adjacent domain retry. Before switching to the region domain name, ensure that the REST services you use, for example, cloud recording or channel management, are deployed in that region.

Reviewer: why capitalize Alternate and Adjacent?

Author: fixed
